NMS-12372: Add gRPC support for IPC RPC/Sink (#2863)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-install/src/asciidoc/text/minion-grpc/grpc-introduction.adoc

// Allow GitHub image rendering
:imagesdir: ../../images

> == Minion with GRPC strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Minion with GRPC Strategy
```

> _Minions_ and _{opennms-product-name}_  can communicate via link:https://grpc.io/[gRPC] for both _RPC_ and _Sink_ Pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Minions_ and _{opennms-product-name}_ can communicate via link:https://grpc.io/[gRPC] for both _RPC_ and _Sink_ patterns.
```

> While using `GRPC` strategy minion runs a _gRPC_ client which connects to _{opennms-product-name}_ gRPC server on a custom port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using `GRPC` strategy, Minion runs a _gRPC_ client that connects to _{opennms-product-name}_ gRPC server on a custom port.
```

> RPC pattern on GRPC strategy uses bi-directional streaming to send requests from _{opennms-product-name}_ and get response back from Minion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPC pattern on GRPC strategy uses bidirectional streaming to send requests from _{opennms-product-name}_ and get responses back from Minion.
```

> Sink pattern on GRPC strategy uses uni-directional streaming to send sink messages from minion to _{opennms-product-name}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sink pattern on GRPC strategy uses unidirectional streaming to send sink messages from Minion to _{opennms-product-name}_.
```

> This section describes how you can setup _{opennms-product-name}_ to use `gRPC` for the communication with _Minions_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how you can set up _{opennms-product-name}_ to use `gRPC` for communication with _Minions_.
```
